Update New-HostedContentFilterPolicy.md (#10459)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/New-HostedContentFilterPolicy.md

```

### -IncreaseScoreWithBizOrInfoUrls
The IncreaseScoreWithBizOrInfoUrls parameter increases the spam score of messages that contain links to .biz or .info domains. Valid values are:

- Off: The setting is disabled. This is the default value, and we recommend that you don't change it.

> - On: The setting is enabled. Messages that contain links to .biz or .info domains are given a higher spam score and therefore have a higher chance of getting marked as spam with SCL 5 or 6, and the X-header `X-CustomSpam: URL to .biz or .info websites` is added to the message. Note that not all messages which matches the setting will be marked as spam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On: The setting is enabled. Messages that contain links to .biz or .info domains are given a higher spam score and therefore have a higher chance of getting marked as spam with SCL 5 or 6, and the X-header `X-CustomSpam: URL to .biz or .info websites` is added to the message. Note that not all messages that match the setting will be marked as spam.
```
